Parents: The video mentions a very loud language.
You would like to look at it before deciding if it is right for you and your children.
This is the beautiful South Yorkshire village of Penstone.
"Pennystone"
Probably before was the "village near the hill", but now it is ...
e, is now an unfortunate name. And they know that.
Pennystone.
And yes, it sometimes causes problems,
when a programmer decides to directly ban certain words
without thinking where else they will come. Suddenly,
you're not talking about Pennystone,
you are talking about "P **** ton".
And you might think no programmer will be so casual,
but it has happened many times. There have been many incidents,
through the history of the network,
for people and towns with all sorts of strange names filtered or rejected.
Best known as the Scandhrop problem,
but I thought it was a better idea to shoot this in Penstone because, first,
the joke is less rough and second,
It makes no sense for someone to go to Scandhrop.
No. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
These days, programmers usually use a more lenient approach.
We have learned that people are creative. Endlessly creative.
Block words? We'll just add spaces or replace a letter with something that sounds almost the same.
Try and block these and you will have problems when talking about duckweed.
Try and scan them based on statistical methods
and we will change and change through them.
To block photos and videos ... well, luck.
If you want to go through a web filter,
just ask every classroom in each school.
It takes only one person to know how to avoid it
and suddenly each of their friends knows how.
And all their friends.
We are not just talking about wailing and adult content:
Internet users in China often use euphemisms and tricks
to shift social media censorship,
calling it the highly censored anniversary of Tiananmen Square protests
"Day of Internet Support" as everything around them is turned off.
China's firewall works well, to some extent -
but there is a great deal of damage. Unblocked.
Other sites and words are swept and blocked as well
And it takes a huge amount of human support to work.
If you want to make an automatic system near the human level -
and let's not forget that people tend to be wrong -
the system must understand not only language but also context.
You must understand every cultural reference,
any insinuation that one can notice and block
and you have to figure out what's safe,
slightly overturning, or completely above the line.
You need at least a simple theory of mind:
the ability to judge what a person's reaction to a word or situation would be.
To make an effective internet filter, you need a person,
or computer equivalent to a person.
I do not think it's impossible -
but I think it's a long way.
And if you have something that can understand people,
to predict reactions and behavior,
you have more than a web filter.
Maybe you have something to some standards -
like the old Turing test - counts as a man
Translated by - lux